I will show you how to make with
chapatti take 2 cups of flour add salt
according to your taste and 2 cups of
flour will make around 15 chapatis add
1/2 cup of water initially and mix it
well add some more water as required to
make towers out now cover it and keep it
for about 30 minutes to make chapati
take some doubt and make it wrong
apply some flour roll it apply oil and
fold it into triangle
now apply flour and roll it again
while rolling apply flour if required
roll it until it is uniform and thing
hit pin once the pan is hot put chapati
once it pops up flip it if you want you
can apply oil and keep it for two
minutes and your chapati is ready